the likelihood of guests returning to
your hotel depends on their overall
experience technology plays a huge role
in your guests evaluation of their stay
today people expect technology to be up
to par with what they have at home an
outdated TV system shows you're not
currently and will not hold the interest
of your guests or satisfy their needs
that's where beyond TV comes in beyond
TV brings together live TV video
on-demand hotel services personal media
sharing internet international news and
music radio stations and the best of
webs social media services right to your
guest room TV and it's all available in
multiple languages no matter how big or
small your hotel is we can tailor a
cost-effective state-of-the-art
interactive entertainment solution for
you and the benefits are not limited to
your guests beyond TV helps hotel
management by enabling you to target
customer groups with services and
promotions tailored to specific
demographics within your guest list push
information to your guests and enable
them to easily communicate with the
front desk sell advertising to local
businesses and feature them on your be
on TV system provide in room dining spa
reservations restaurant reservations and
more
ability for the hotel staff to edit all
hotels services menus and promotions on
the fly and advances your hotels green
initiative with paperless room
portfolios and other paperless services
plus be on TV is compatible with any TV
standard definition or high definition
pro idiom TVs are not required and we
offer a custom look and feel and
branding experience for each hotel
modern interactive profitable be on TV
contact us today for more information
about how we can help
you